Restrict coverage checks to problem block (#30300)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/interfaces/BlockRestrictable.md

function that also supports a uniform way of handing reading in subdomain restrictions. Specifically,
every object may be restricted to one or more subdomains simultaneously. Subdomains may be specified
either as numeric IDs or strings (when supported by the Mesh format or named entities are used).
When the user sets `default_block` in the `[Problem]` block, the specified block restriction will be
automatically applied to all objects inheriting the BlockRestrictable interface. Users can still override
this behavior by explicitly specifying the `block` parameter within each object. If an explicitly
specified `block` is not a subset of the `default_block`, MOOSE will throw a warning

> to notify the user about the inconsistency.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we want this to be a warning. I think one possible use case for this @hugary1995 mentioned is excluding lower-dimensional subdomains. But in that case, any lagrange multipliers rightly living on the lower-d subdomains will trigger this warning

Reviewer 2: I agree. Also semantically it isn't a mistake to override default.

Author: Dear @lindsayad and @hugary1995, thanks for your feedback. I removed the warning and associated function and test in the new commit. Thanks!

> When the user sets `default_block` in the `[Problem]` block, the specified block restrictions will be
> automatically applied to all objects inheriting the BlockRestrictable interface. However, users can
> still override this behavior by explicitly specifying the `block` parameter within each object.
> If an explicitly specified `block` is not a subset of the `default_block`, MOOSE will throw a warning
>  to notify the user of the inconsistency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the user sets `default_block` in the `[Problem]` block, the specified block restriction will be
automatically applied to all objects inheriting the BlockRestrictable interface. Users can
still override this behavior by explicitly specifying the `block` parameter within each object.
If an explicitly specified `block` is not a subset of the `default_block`, MOOSE will throw a warning
 to notify the user about the inconsistency.
```
